docs: update various docs for typos & errors (#58)
mozilla-services/merino-py: docs/dev/testing.md

# Testing strategies

There are three major testing strategies used in this repository: unit tests,
Python contract tests, and Python load tests.

Test code resides in the `tests` directory.

## Unit Tests

Unit tests, located in the `tests/unit` directory, should appear close to the

> code they are testing, using standard Rust unit tests. This is suitable for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
code they are testing, using pytest unit test library. This is suitable for
```
